Let's recreate our list of people using JSX instead of createElement.
As I mentioned before,
JSX looks a lot like HTML.
So, we're going to replace these createElement calls with something that looks like HTML.
Now, what are these angle brackets doing in our JavaScript?
That's the reaction that a lot of people have the first time that they see JSX.
So if you're feeling that way right now,
don't worry, that's really common.
But look at how much syntax we just got rid of.
Let's put a list item in here.
So we want the name of the first person in the people array.
So we can say, peoplesubzero.name and we'll save that and see what we get.
Well, that's not very helpful,
it just gives us the exact same code that we wrote.
What we wanted instead,
we wanted to evaluate this expression but what JSX did was
it just pass all the characters right on through and put it in the page.
So whenever we want JSX to evaluate some JavaScript for us,
we have to wrap that piece of JavaScript in curly braces.
And this could be any JavaScript expression that you want.
It can be some math,
it can be a ternary,
basically any valid JavaScript expression inside these curly braces.
Well, what about the map that we had earlier?
Could we do that inside some curly braces? Well, let's give it a shot.
So we can say, people.map,
and for each item or for each person inside the people array,
what we want to have is a list item as person.name.
So we're starting out in JSX,
we go into JavaScript with this curly brace,
evaluate people.map, the return value of the map function is some more JSX.
And in there, we go back into JavaScript and say, person.name.
So we started in JSX, into JavaScript,
back into JSX, back into JavaScript.
But the whole thing flows together pretty nicely and it's a lot more
concise than all of those nested createElement calls that we had earlier.
Now we said earlier that whenever we give React an array,
we needed a unique key prop on all of this shared elements.
We're doing that exact same thing here,
let's check in the browser console.
And sure enough, our warning is back about the key prop.
So we need to give each one of these list item elements a unique key prop.
The way that we do that in JSX,
looks a lot like HTML attributes.
So I could say, key equals,
I'll put up a new JavaScript expression and use person.name as the value of the key prop.
Sure enough we can save and the warning goes away.
Just to be totally clear,
let's take a look at the source code here
and see what this code that we just wrote compiles down to.
So we can see here in our source viewer that we're actually
still using createElement calls to create our elements.
So even though we still get to use JSX in our editor which is nice and concise,
this code all compiles down to real JavaScript using createElement.